(intense music)
- So TRT means testosterone
replacement therapy.
And we get this question a lot
because in my first podcast,
and sort of the soft launch of X3,
I was on Dave Asprey's podcast
and I talked about how I've
had prescription for TRT
for 12 years before developing the X3,
and then was that a help
or something like that.
Well in the 12 years that I was just using
regular weights, and not having X3.
My first year with X3, I
put on 30 pounds of muscle.
Before that, the previous 12 years,
I think I put on five pounds of muscle.
So did TRT help?
No, and I'm gonna
paraphrase what WebMD says.
But it gives you a natural
level of testosterone.
WebMD goes further in
defining the difference
between steroids and TRT,
is not only higher doses of testosterone,
but it's stacked with
other illegal chemicals,
when somebody does quote steroid cycle
that can cause a lot of harm,
and I certainly don't recommend.
And so, of course they're illegal anyways,
so there's really nothing to worry about.
But, I also want to point out,
there's a body builder who died.
He was 21 years old, it's really sad.
But he was one of the top
competitors in the world.
His name was Dallas McCarver.
And so like a natural level
of testosterone can come
from 150 milligrams of
injectable testosterone per week.
Now, I don't know what
this guy put in himself,
but forget about all the other
drugs, just the testosterone.
When he died, and of course
nobody knows when his last shot was,
so it could have actually
been higher than this.
But the guy had 57 times
the amount of testosterone in his body,
that the average person does.
So that's a huge difference.
So that's the difference
between a steroid user
that we know of, and a
replacement type dosage, 57 fold.
Now does everybody take
what that guy took?
I don't know, probably not.
That seems extreme.
But again, I don't know.
I don't know a lot of
competitive body builders.
Mostly competitive body builders
that we've worked with as a company,
like the steroid days are in their past,
and what they did was way less than what
some of the pros do now.
And the pros we do work with
that are continuing to compete,
they use far less than that,
so it's kind of strange
to see this happen.
But ultimately, TRT is replacement.
So it is the same as being natural.
And if you got tested, it
might show some markers
that are put in with
pharmaceutical grade testosterone,
so that you can see the markers.
Because some sports don't
allow TRT, for whatever reason.
Probably because somebody could say,
they were on TRT, and they
would like do a little bit more,
or they will try and use that
as a justification to
do some other things,
and think that the TRT is gonna sort of
create a smoke screen there.
But that's just my theory.
Now, some people use this as an excuse
for why they're not in shape,
and they're just jealous people online.
So I urge all those people
who think WebMD is wrong,
that they should email WebMD,
and explain that they're
smarter than WebMD,
and that WebMD should
change the definition
to whatever their definition is.
And when you do that, please email us.
'Cause we can't wait.